Added note about generating static tokens (#20530)
directus/directus: .changeset/tired-papers-speak.md

---
"docs": patch
---

> Explain where to generate static tokens in authentication reference.

Reviewer: Changesets should be expressed in past tense when possible and end without a period
```suggestion
Added explaination about where to generate static tokens in authentication reference
```

> Added explaination about where to generate static tokens in authentication reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added explanation about where to generate static tokens in authentication reference
```
